So welcome back, guys, in this module, we will going to study that, how should one plan his or her
project and how should he organize his project files in the form of her profile and source file?
So in C or C++, we usually organize our code whether the code represent an application or whether the
code represent a liability.
We usually organize our code in two types of files.
That is how to file and source file.
Now, the clear question that arises is that that what should be the content of header file and what
should be the content of source file?
So how to file usually contains editing, which needs to be exposed to other source files.
So just remember this mantra, how the file should contain anything which needs to be exposed or shared
by several source files now that anything could be structured definitions.
There could be constants or enumerations, mackerels, function declarations.
Now remember how the file must contain function declarations of those functions, which needs to be
shared among several source files.
Now, if you have a question that what is the difference between function declaration and function definition?
So let me explain that whenever you declare a function, you would just write it like this.
It is function declaration.
Various function definition means that you are also specifying the logic of the function.
This is called function definition.
So how the file contains only function declaration and how the file never contain function definitions
unless the function is a static in line function.
So in case of how the file just learned a mantra that anything which needs to be exposed are shared
to several other source files, then that particular things needs to be specified in the files.
Now coming to the source files, actual implementation of logic as functions whose declarations are
present in her files.
So in source, while you should specify the function definition, that is actual implementation of logic
as functions, right.
So this thing that is function definition usually becomes a part of sorts once.
So in case of source files just learned this mantra by heart, that is anything which need not to be
exposed to other source files.
Is always specified in the source file, so you can see on this diagram that header file is actually
a content provider to source files held a file simply says that his source files.
I have this this this following information for you.
Please use this information.
Now, that information could be structure definition's.
It could be constants or enumeration macros, function declarations or starting in line function C files.
Our source file has to include the header files by hash, including the header files.
C files actually inherit the information from the head of file and that information then becomes a part
of that particular source file.
So Source File simply says that he had a file.
Thank you very much.
We will use what you provide to us.
So for example, if suppose this had to file contains the structure definition s and suppose there are
three source files which actually has to include this particular header file, then this is structure
definition s will be inherited by all these sorts files.
It means that the structure definition s is defined three times in two different source files.
Same goes with every other type of information, be it constant enumeration mackerels, function declaration
are standing in line functions.
So this is the relationship between header file and source files.
Now, going forward, I see that often students find it difficult to understand the purpose of --.
Therefore, I have put in an extra effort to actually try to explain the concept and purpose of her
file.
So had the file simply says to the developer, developer means a programmer who is using the header
file, which is written by somebody else.
High profile simply says to the developer that here developer, I have the declaration of all these
functions whose definitions is defined in some other source file, use them using the prototype our
signatures that I am telling you.
And yes, do not dare to see the internal implementation of these functions in source files.
So the entire essence of the header file is captured in this dialogue.
A header file conveys that what is there to be used by you and you should not bother how it is done.
A developer of an application who wishes to use doubly linked list in his application must need to have
an access to deal a lot as File Nardiello, but it is a header file of the link list, right?
So if a developer has an access to the edge header file, he can include this file in his application
called.
And after including this deal, not as file and his application called a developer can make a call to
functions, which is declared in this file.
Remember, the definition of those functions has to be present in the corresponding Delal Doxy file.
So developer do not need to see what is there in the file.
So it is equivalent to like eating a tasty pre cooked meal without knowing how it was cooked.
So all information that developers need to have is to make use of inkless library in his application
without actually worry to know how bad this library internally works.
In fact, you use it all the time in the simplest C program that you have ever written.
You also have to include a standard header files, like a study I ordered that our memory dart at.
So by including these standard -- in your application, you are actually using the functions
whose declarations are present in these files without actually letting the internal implementation of
those standard functions.
Have you ever bothered that how my function has been implemented?
Right.
You have never bothered you have never bothered about how free function or parental function has been
implemented.
Right.
So this is the purpose of hydrofoil.
That is make things available to you without letting you worry about how those things were built or
implemented.